Release 0.1.3

        This release brings two new methods. Both are connected with working with 
    properties grouped in 'sections'.
        What's more - update in store() method which will cause your properties to 
    be saved in more human-readable form if the source is empty. For example when 
    properties are created from the inside of a program and not loaded from file.
        This release also brings initial commenting capability. You can now add 
    comments for properties. I think that removing comments will be harder to 
    implement and as so will arrive later (I need some time to come up with some 
    idea how to do it).
        And last but not least - loading directories as properties. 
        In this case I suggest reading manual for more information about how 
    directories are treated. 
        Also, manual contains new files: 'groups.txt' and 'singles.txt' which are 
    describing how grouping is implemented.

        This is one of the biggest releases since the creation of pyproperties.
        I hope you will enjoy this release as much as I do.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


    This release brings you:
    *   4 update(s),
    *   2 fix(es),
    *   7 new feature(s).

    ->  pyproperties.py
        !   upd:    getkeyof() method was renamed to getkeysof() - simply because several 
                    keys can have the same value;
        *   upd:    store() uses grouping for storing properties created from blank;
        *   upd:    store() was partially rewritten to be more readable,
                    also it is now generating more readable files;
        *   upd/
            fix:    gets(), sets(), removes() and pops() are now basing on different regular 
                    expression; 
                    also, before compiling to pattern, every dot '.' is escaped to '\.';
        *   fix:    creating blank Properties object will be able to work with,
                    thanks to the new blank() method;
        *   new:    blank() methode creating blank properties
                    can be used to erase all properties and source of loaded properties;
        *   new:    getgroups() method which returns list of properties groups found 
                    in internal dictionary, read DOC for more;
        *   new:    getsingles() method which returns list of properties which do not 
                    belong to any group, read DOC for more;
        *   new:    loading directories as properties, read manual for more;
        *   new:    StoreError and LoadError added, read DOC for more;
        *   new:    getre() which is another getter - this one allows you to get properties 
                    by passing a pattern (compiled or as a string);
        *   new:    addcomment() and addcomments() methods, useful mainly when working with 
                    properties created from blank object,


    Yours,
    Marek Marecki.